Update fleets in Deploy section (#2016)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/deploy/offline-updates.md

When a device is reflashed, it defaults back to a factory state. The device is provisioned with a new identity, a new API key, and updated [`config.json`][config-file] settings. All services, data and logs stored on the device are erased permanently.

> With the offline updates process, the device still resets to a default factory state. It adds a new API key while preserving its identity in [`config.json`][config-file]. It uses [`balena preload`][balena-preload] to load an updated fleet's release. That way, the device will pick up right where it left off with the same name and UUID but with an updated fleet's release or/and balenaOS update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the offline updates process, the device still resets to a default factory state. It adds a new API key while preserving its identity in [`config.json`][config-file]. It uses [`balena preload`][balena-preload] to load an updated release. That way, the device will pick up right where it left off with the same name and UUID but with an updated release or/and balenaOS update.
```

## Configuration and Data Recovery

> Some consideration is required if a fleet's requiring persistent data storage is being used to recover user data while using the offline update process. The fleet's can't use the pre-provisioned [named volumes][named-volumes], since these will be wiped during the offline update process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some consideration is required if an application requiring persistent data storage is being used to recover user data while using the offline update process. The application can't use the pre-provisioned [named volumes][named-volumes], since these will be wiped during the offline update process.
```

Offline update includes the following steps:

> - [Offline Updates](#offline-updates)

Reviewer: This table looks strange - is it automatically generated?

Author: No that's my bad, vscode auto linted this into a TOC
Fixing

Author: Resolving

$ ssh_key=id_ed25519.pub
```

> ### Create/Use Pre-existing fleet's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create/Use Pre-existing Fleet
```

Initialize the `arch` and `device-type` environment variable with correct CPU architecture (`aarch64`, `armv7l`, etc.) and device type (`raspberrypi4-64`, `raspberrypi3`, etc.). The list of names for supported device types and their architectures can be found on the [hardware][supported-devices-list] page.

> If a pre-existing fleet's needs to be re-used, then initialize the `app_name` variable with that fleet's's name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a pre-existing fleet needs to be re-used, then initialize the `fleet_name` variable with that fleet's's name.
```

```bash
$ arch=<CPU ARCHITECTURE TYPE>
$ device_type=<DEVICE_TYPE>

> $ app_name=offline-${arch}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ fleet_name=offline-${arch}
```

```

> These environment variables will be used later in the process. If a pre-existing fleet's is needed to be used, then the next step can be skipped. Otherwise, create a new balenaCloud fleet's by running [`balena app create`](https://www.balena.io/docs/reference/balena-cli/#app-create-name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These environment variables will be used later in the process. If a pre-existing fleet needs to be used, then the next step can be skipped. Otherwise, create a new balenaCloud fleet by running [`balena fleet create`](https://www.balena.io/docs/reference/balena-cli/#fleet-create-name).
```

^ unsure if anchor is correct

```bash
$ balena app create ${app_name} --type ${device_type}
```

> Initialize the `app_slug` environment variable with the command below to store the slug of the fleet's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialize the `fleet_slug` environment variable with the command below to store the slug of the fleet.
```

```bash

> $ app_slug=$(balena app ${app_name} | grep SLUG | awk '{print $2}')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ fleet_slug=$(balena fleet ${fleet_name} | grep SLUG | awk '{print $2}')
```

$ uuid=<UUID OF YOUR DEVICE>
```

> With [`balena device register`][balena-device-register], devices can be preregistered to a balenaCloud fleet's involving a simple call with a unique identifier for the device. You can read more about the full process of pre-registering a device in the [balena-cli advanced masterclass][balena-cli advanced masterclass]. This step can be skipped if a pre-existing device is needed to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [`balena device register`][balena-device-register], devices can be preregistered to a balenaCloud fleet involving a simple call with a unique identifier for the device. You can read more about the full process of pre-registering a device in the [balena-cli advanced masterclass][balena-cli advanced masterclass]. This step can be skipped if a pre-existing device is needed to be updated.
```

```bash

> $ balena device register ${app_slug} --uuid ${uuid}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ balena device register ${fleet_slug} --uuid ${uuid}
```

I think there are more mentions of app_slug in this file

### Create and Preload Release

> Offline updates revolve around the concept of [balena preload][balena-preload]. Preload is used to flash the balenaOS image and your fleet's release in a single step, so the device starts running your fleet's containers as soon as it boots. Preloading removes the need for your devices to download the initial fleet's images directly from balena's build servers, making it an ideal base for the offline update process. Read more about [preloading a device image][preloading-device-image].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offline updates revolve around the concept of [balena preload][balena-preload]. Preload is used to flash the balenaOS image and your fleet release in a single step, so the device starts running your release's containers as soon as it boots. Preloading removes the need for your devices to download the initial images directly from balena's build servers, making it an ideal base for the offline update process. Read more about [preloading a device image][preloading-device-image].
```

> Important note: [balena preload](https://github.com/balena-io/balena-cli/blob/master/INSTALL-MAC.md#balena-preload) functionality requires Docker with AUFS support.

> Preload involves flashing a fleet's release with the balenaOS image. If the pre-existing fleet's doesn't have any releases, then a release needs to be created using [`balena deploy`][balena-deploy]. Navigate to the directory of your source code folder and run the command below to deploy the latest release of your fleet's. If a release is present already, then the next step can be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preload involves flashing a fleet's release with the balenaOS image. If the pre-existing fleet doesn't have any releases, then a release needs to be created using [`balena deploy`][balena-deploy]. Navigate to the directory of your source code folder and run the command below to deploy the latest release of your fleet. If a release is present already, then the next step can be skipped.
```

> Warning: For devices with internal storage, this procedure erases the internal media of your device. Remove any mass storage devices containing user data.

> With the update media already having the latest release of the fleet's preloaded, follow the device's provisioning instructions present on balenaCloud dashboard for your specific device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the update media already having the latest release of the fleet preloaded, follow the device's provisioning instructions present on balenaCloud dashboard for your specific device.
```

> An example for Raspberry Pi devices: insert the recently flashed SD card and power up the device. When the process is complete, (re)connect any mass storage devices containing user data back to the device. Reconnect the device to the local air-gapped network(s). Later, use SSH to connect and inspect fleet's logs, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example for Raspberry Pi devices: insert the recently flashed SD card and power up the device. When the process is complete, (re)connect any mass storage devices containing user data back to the device. Reconnect the device to the local air-gapped network(s). Later, use SSH to connect and inspect logs, etc.
```
